hi guys welcome to another quick video
tutorial here on the key Kymani
photography and armed block my name's
many and in today's tutorial i want to
show you guys a quick technique hard to
speed up your workflow in Photoshop now
I've also learned this technique from a
good friend of mine Calvin Hollywood and
let's get started ok so as you guys most
probably noticed in the previous
tutorials if i go to my menu Syria at
the top you can see that all my options
are are in Calais safe one since my main
menu over here adjustment is in a red
color and my sub menu over here is in a
yellow color or orange color yes I
colored my options because this helps me
quite a lot if I Photoshop say for
instance my selective color down here
isn't a orange color and now if I'm
working on an image and I know okay I
need selective color and I'll go through
my menu to find selective color not
using a shortcut I know exactly okay it
has a color and I need to find it okay
so i'll go up to image it's under
adjustments and there's a color out yet
selective color and i found it really
quickly and really handy for me so in
today's tutorial I just quickly want to
show you guys how to color your own
menus and how you can do this okay first
step you will have to do is go back to
edit here at the top go all the way down
to menus and in menus you have a new
window would still look like those
keyboard shortcuts you will have to go
over to menus here and in here you have
a few options now okay first it's still
set to photoshop default if you want you
can create your own defaults over here
just created in a safe location and save
it under your name whatever same annie's
options or whatever okay so say for
instance here menu for panel menus or
application manuals now just bear in
mind that application menus are all
these menus here are at the top and
panel menus are all your menus from this
idea on the right
workspace and your different panels so
we want to work in application menus for
the start now and in here direct you'll
see that it's file edit image layers and
so on exactly like from the top file
edit image layers and so on so I want to
go back to filter and say maybe interval
to change my filter gallery back to
green because I work a lot with filter
gallery and I want to have it in a
shocking color then maybe blurr also
change that to say yellow something just
to make something different today and
that's my main menu and then the
submenus change something back there as
well okay so let's get started first I
will go all the way down to filters tap
on the small arrow and you will see that
all these options are open now okay so
I've got last filter convert to smart
filters filter gallery there we go and
over here you've got a few options now
or just two actually you've got
visibility you can turn that on or off
so if i turn it off you won't see that
filter gallery anymore under filter menu
over here I still have to okay that and
then you won't see it again okay so I do
want to see that so I'm going to turn
visibility on again and change from red
to green so it's really shocking and I
know okay if I need filter gallery it's
under the green thing and I can find it
really quickly ok then I also wanted to
change something in blur I'm just going
to move all the way down down here there
we go blue and as you guys can also see
there's a small error right in front of
it so this is the main menu and these
are the submenus that's why it's also
space like that so you can just see okay
that's my main menu my sub menu so if
you blending out your main menu now
change the visibility where you'll see
that all these other options have also
disappeared and are not visible anymore
so just be in mind turn that on and turn
your options down here of if you want to
just see or just have to three different
options in here then I also wanted to
change blur I wanted to give that a red
color or hear different color from red
to orange change that to orange and I
sit in the submenu I wanted to give say
gauge in blue I want to give that a blue
color such as this looks different today
and it's something new okay go all the
way down then I also saw down here
pixelate I never work with pixelate i
blended that i'll change the visibility
to off so i'm going to turn on
weekly just to show you guys now it will
they appear in my menu and then
afterwards I wanted to submit this
appear again with visibility off okay so
last step you can still save that now in
your safe location and save it under
your name that you want to and then when
you done hit okay now directly you are
done all of that has been applied to
your menu in your galleries or in say
for instance now under our filter you
will see that filter gallery has changed
degree now Blue has changed to yellow
from red and in here gauge and blue to
blue so this is really handy for me and
now I know okay if I'm working with
gauge in blue it has a color and I can
find it really quickly so if i go back
to filter blur cool there is gauging
blue that's exactly what i wanted to
work with nice really quickly and easy
down here you guys can also see pixelate
we've got this option now and i don't
really work with this option so a lot so
i want to blend that out so what i do
i'll go back to file edit again and i'll
go all the way down to menus and in menu
I'll go back to my filter over here and
in filter go all the way down to find
pixelate there we go pixelh8 and in here
only thing I have to do is very much tap
the eye here and turn the visibility to
off then okay that directly will be open
taken to our gallery again our filter
menu here and you will see that pixelh8
has disappeared we don't have a pixelate
anymore in here and it just helps me
because i don't have to go over it and
see okay where are my other options so
that's the quickest way of hard to
change your menus now also want to show
you guys something else in my workspace
over here if i tap in my layer palette
if i tap that right button over here it
will say new layer is in red new group
from layers and convert to smart objects
because i work with these options quite
a lot so I change them to color as well
so I can just find really quickly and
don't need to read of all of these
options okay how to do that that is
pretty much the same way also go to edit
go all the way down to menus and now in
menus you will just have to choose from
panel menus not application panel menus
okay in panel menus you will have to
find layers go all the way down to
layers down here I've got layers open
already
you will see that layers visibility's on
again you can also change visibility off
to stuff that you don't use and in color
I want to turn to new color here to read
yes I want to say maybe for the tutorial
sex now intend to orange and other
things your new group from layers I
change that to read and also convert to
smart objects in and say maybe green
because I work with that quite a lot you
can save that again in a safe location
if you want to and okay that and have a
look if I click on here directly it
changed and it's just pretty awesome
because now I know if I'm looking for
something it's just over here on the
color convert to smart object yes that's
what I wanted okay pretty nice and the
quickest way of doing that if you want
to now last step you can also save that
under your workspace save it with the
menus with the keyboard shortcuts and
everything and the next time you will
select your workspace it will be
selected with all of these options and
again and it's again to your workspace
then are you used to working with and
you are comfortable working with okay so
if you guys still have any problems
please write me to team at many
photography that code it's at a we are
glad to help you with your questions
thank you guys for watching my name is
Manny and see you on the next tutorial
bye bye